Hey, big brother, these are the money given by Mr. Chen.
Hey, brother, what move did you use just now?
You teach me
Okay, then you can follow me for a year
Hey, okay, okay, hey.
These two beautiful women will send you to your room at night
Hahaha, you can.
Shit
Hey, wife, why are you here all of a sudden?
I think I'm disturbing your happiness.
Hey, old boss, don't be angry.
It's all a play
Fake, you're killing me.
I don't know how to call home so late
This must be my sister-in-law, she is so beautiful.
Heroes match beauties, this is a perfect match, a perfect match
I see you're having a good time
Do you remember how you felt?
Oh oh yes yes yes
I will call the debt that fell at night.
A useful place to find a younger brother in the future
The younger brother should go through fire and water
Goodbye little brother
Hurry up
Bastard, don't get me wrong
I definitely didn't do anything wrong to you.
Go home and find a village chief
Are you not hurt today? It's alright.
Unscathed
That would be fine.
But you can get the money back from Viper
I really didn't expect it.
How did you come back?
Is that so?
What about me and the viper?
hit it off
And we started talking.
He will feel very compatible
Well, he's willing to pay me back what he owes
That simple, yeah?
That's it.
Fine
Then let's hurry home and inform them, walk home